docs: rewrite introduction to dependency injection (#44466)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/dependency-injection-overview.md

# Dependency injection in Angular

> When you develop a smaller part of your system, like a module or a class, you may need external dependencies. For example, you may need an HTTP service to make backend calls. Dependency Injection, or DI, is a design pattern and mechanism for creating and delivering some parts of an application to other parts of an application that require them. Angular supports this design pattern and you can use it in your applications to increase flexibility and modularity. 

Reviewer: Small rephrasing here to drop the "external dependencies" as it sounds a bit confusing.
```suggestion
When you develop a smaller part of your system, like a module or a class, you may need to use functionality from other classes. For example, you may need an HTTP service to make backend calls. Dependency Injection, or DI, is a design pattern and mechanism for creating and delivering some parts of an application to other parts of an application that require them. Angular supports this design pattern and you can use it in your applications to increase flexibility and modularity. 
```

Author: Fixed. I replaced "functionality" with "feature" according to Google style library.

In Angular, dependencies are typically services, but they also can be values, such as strings or functions. An injector for an application (created automatically during bootstrap) instantiates dependencies when needed, using a configured provider of the service or value. 

<div class="alert is-helpful">

See the <live-example></live-example> for a working example containing the code snippets in this guide.

</div>

## Prerequisites

You should be familiar with the Angular apps in general, and have the fundamental knowledge of Components, Directives, and NgModules. It's highly recommended that you complete the following tutorial:

[Tour of Heroes app and tutorial](tutorial)

## Learn about Angular Dependency Injection

<div class="card-container">
  <a href="guide/dependency-injection" class="docs-card" title="Understanding Dependency Injection">
    <section>Understanding Dependency Injection</section>
    <p>Learn basic principles of Dependency Injection in Angular.</p>

>     <p class="card-footer">Understanding Dependency Injection</p>

Reviewer: This content duplicates the title of this section. I think it might be better to say "Learn more" here (and in other cases below):
```suggestion
    <p class="card-footer">Learn more</p>
```

Author: This is the style writers are following. I'll keep them as is for consistency for now. Will bring this up in the next doc meeting.

Reviewer: Ok, thanks. Btw, it's different on the main page: https://angular.io/docs

</div>

## Prerequisites

You should be familiar with the Angular apps in general, and have the fundamental knowledge of Components, Directives, and NgModules. It's highly recommended that you complete the following tutorial:

[Tour of Heroes application and tutorial](tutorial)

## Learn about Angular dependency injection

<div class="card-container">
  <a href="guide/dependency-injection" class="docs-card" title="Understanding dependency injection">
    <section>Understanding dependency injection</section>
    <p>Learn basic principles of dependency injection in Angular.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Understanding dependency injection</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/creating-injectable-service" class="docs-card" title="Creating and injecting service">
    <section>Creating and injecting service</section>
    <p>Describes how to create a service and inject it in other services and components.</p>
    <p class="card-footer">Creating an injectable service</p>
  </a>
  <a href="guide/dependency-injection-providers" class="docs-card" title="Configuring dependency providers">
    <section>Configuring dependency providers</section>

>     <p>Describes how to configure dependencies using the `providers` field on the `@Component` and `@NgModule` decorators. Also describes how to use `InjectionToken` to provide and inject values in DI, which can be helpful when you want to use a value other than classes as dependencies.</p>

Reviewer: FYI the backticks are displayed as is in the description: https://pr44466-2a96eab.ngbuilds.io/guide/dependency-injection-overview. We should probably remove them from here.

Author: Removed backticks from the doc cards.

# Dependency injection in Angular

> When you develop a smaller part of your system, like a module or a class, you may need external dependencies. For example, you may need an HTTP service to make backend calls. Dependency Injection, or DI, is a design pattern in which a class declares which dependencies it has, using constructor arguments, and the framework that provides those dependencies while instantiating that class. Angular supports this design pattern and you can use it in your applications to increase flexibility and modularity. 

Reviewer: @ileil we can actually use the same DI definition that we use in out glossary here: https://angular.io/guide/glossary#dependency-injection-di

# Dependency injection in Angular

> When you are developing a smaller part of your system, like a module or a class, you may need external dependencies. For example, you may need an HTTP service to make backend calls. Dependencies are services or objects that a class needs to perform its function. Dependency injection, or DI, is a design pattern in which a class requests dependencies from external sources rather than creating them. Angular's DI framework provides dependencies to a class upon instantiation. You can use Angular DI to increase flexibility and modularity in your applications. 

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this a bit and make it more simple:
```suggestion
Dependency Injection is a design pattern in which a class declares which dependencies it has (via constructor arguments) and the framework provides those dependencies while instantiating that class. Angular supports this design pattern and you can use it in your applications to increase flexibility and modularity.
```

> Most of the times, dependency injection just works without much configuration. Other times, you need to configure it manually.

Author: Sentence dropped.

You need in-depth knowledge of dependency injection in these circumstances:

* to troubleshoot dependency injection error
* to configure the dependencies for a unit test

> * to understand the unusual dependency injection configuration of third-party module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* to understand the unusual dependency injection configuration of a third-party module
```

> You need in-depth knowledge of dependency injection in these circumstances:
> 
> * to troubleshoot dependency injection error
> * to configure the dependencies for a unit test
> * to understand the unusual dependency injection configuration of third-party module

Reviewer: The list looks scary (especially when it talks about errors, etc) :) May be we can just keep it simple like this:
```suggestion
Use the guides below to learn more about Dependency Injection in Angular. Having more context on how DI works in Angular will help you to design your application in a more modular way.
```

Author: In the overview topic, I'm trying to add a topic purpose and let the audience decide whether they need to read the info in the DI section, immediately or at a later time. Maybe we can shorten the bullet list and remove the bullet about error.

* to create a third-party module that is to be shipped and used in multiple applications
* to design your application in a more modular way
* to ensure that different parts of your application are well isolated and do not interfere with each other

<div class="alert is-helpful">

See the <live-example></live-example> for a working example containing the code snippets in this guide.

</div>

## Prerequisites

> Before creating dependency injection, you should be familiar with the following:
> 
> [Tour of Heroes app and tutorial](tutorial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to go through the [Tour of Heroes app and tutorial](tutorial) to get some initial practical experience before diving into more advanced topics below.
```
